Cucumber-In-The-YARD (CITY): A Requirements Documentation Tool
====================================

CITY is now [yard-cucumber](https://github.com/burtlo/yard-cucumber).

The change to the project is name and also structure. YARD supports automatic
loading of plugins that start with prefix `yard-`, thus the name change and
some code changes to assist with this better integration.

Synopsis
--------

Cucumber-In-The-Yard is a YARD extension that processes Cucumber features,
scenarios, steps, tags, step definitions, and even transforms to provide
documentation similar to what you expect to how YARD displays classes, methods
and constants.This tools bridges the gap of having feature files found in
your source code and true documentation that your team, product owners and
stakeholders can use.

Details
--------

There are two things that I enjoy: a test framework written in my own Domain
Specific Language (DSL) that is easily understood by all those on a project
and the ability for all participants to easily read, search, and view the tests.

Cucumber is an amazing tool that allowed me to define exercisable 
requirements. My biggest obstacle was bringing these requirements to my team,
the product owner, and other stakeholders.

Initially I tried to expose more of the functionality by providing freshly
authored requirements through email, attachments to JIRA tickets, or linked in
wiki documents. None of these methods were very sustainable or successful. 
First, I was continually pushing out the documents to those interested. 
Second, the documents were displayed to the user in text without the syntax
highlighting that was exceedingly helpful for quickly understanding the 
requirements.

I also found it hard to share the test framework that I had put together with
another developer that joined the team. It was difficult to direct them around
the features, tags, step definitions, and transforms. It was when I started to convey to them the conventions that I had established that I wished I had a
tool that would allow me to provide documentation like one would find
generated by a great tool like YARD.

So I set out to integrate Cucumber objects like features, backgrounds, 
scenarios, tags, steps, step definitions, and transforms into a YARD template.
From my quick survey of the landscape I can see that the my needs are
different than a lot of others that use Cucumber.  The entire project that
spawned this effort was solely to exercise the functionality of a different,
large project and so there is a huge dependence on having the requirements
documented.  This is in contrast to other projects that are using this on a
small scale to test the functionality of small software component.  Though,
ultimately, I realized that the functionality may provide a valuable tool for
many as I feel it helps more solidly bridge the reporting of the documentation
by putting a coat of paint on it.
